Hello President Meng
I'm from Soft Beauty Clothing Store. What's the matter?
I am about to welcome an important guest
May I help you?
Make an appointment at the front desk
Oh, I've asked you out many times.
But you've never had a schedule.
actually
I just want to be in the next issue of Jiangnan Newspaper
Put up a little ad
Promote our fashion show.
Do you understand the rules?
Our Jiangnan Evening News is a big magazine
How can it suit you, a clothes seller, who can log in if you want?
I understand. I understand.
I will pay for advertising
Advertising fees. How much can you make as a clothes seller?
I am a dignified president
The upcoming reception is Zhou Bochen, a business expert
The value I can create in one minute
Enough to sell your clothes to death
And you know what?
President Meng doesn't need to humiliate people like this, right?
What's wrong with the clothes seller?
Occupations are not divided into high and low
Occupation does not distinguish between high and low
But people are divided.
Somebody chase them away
Don't affect our unsightly influence.
Forget it, forget it.
Another guy who looks down on people
Let's wait for no one for this ad
You must be immoral if you want to do this
I didn't help you last time.
I'll definitely help you this time.
Hey bro